---
layout: post
title: Week One in the Highly Recommended Downing Class
---

**So Melody, How was your week?**

It was great thanks for asking. After spending three months in New York, coming back to campus was a big culture shock to me. Everyone walked so slow, and I have to catch myself from not being too aggressive when saying no to people handing out flyers. This is also my last year, so I wanted to make sure I take advantage of quality classes.
Over the past years, I had many friends tell me that I HAD to take at least one class with Dr.Downing. It didn't matter which. Object Oriented Programming was my first choice because I already knew C++ and wanted to take Computer Graphics the following semester. I knew what I was expecting. I know a former student who took both classes with Dr.Downing (OOP and SWE), and he had strong positive opinions about the course, so before walking into class I had high expections which were, of course, met.
The impressive Downing knew his ~~sh*t~~ stuff. For someone who easily gets distracted, I found his lectures engaging. I had to be engaged, because he called on people which put me in high fear mode. I haven't been called on yet, but please pray for me that I won't embarass mysef in front of the whole class. Downing also emphasis good practices to learn when we go out into the industry which includes team work and good communication skills. I hope to gain a lot of knowledge from Downing.

**What is in the way?**

My main concern is becoming a hermit. CS is all about networking, and it's hard to do that when you just want to stay cooped up away from humans after living with 1.6 million people in Manhattan. I also want to graduate this year, however, I may not be able to which is very stressful right now. I'll just have to pull through and make sure I am keeping in touch with people. In regards to CS371p, I feel really good about the course and hope to do well.  

*Sooo Melody, got any plans for the week?**

Just gonna go to the gym and get swole. I am currently cutting in my fitness regime, and I will continue to do that. I want to get ahead in OOP and so far kind of having trouble installing Docker... I am already behind. I am not to sure yet on the most effective way to study for the class, but I am sure I'll be fine as long as I soak up everything that Downing says in Lecture. I'm going to be looking into C++ some more, and continue to solve interview questions with that language.

**WOW WOW MELODY'S PICK OF THE WEEK**
So of course this summer was Apple's keynote. One of the most exciting things they announced was the Siri API being open! Now you can integrate apps with Siri. The [SiriKit](https://developer.apple.com/sirikit/) can be downloaded for people who want to develop software for iOS with using Siri. I can't wait to see what people will do with it. 

Thanks for reading this! Melody OUT!
